Previously on Will Trent...
This is Antonio.
-He's my uncle.
-Lucy's brother.
Family is everything.
Lucy Morales.
she was your mother.
She died in childbirth.
-Where did you get that?
-Bitch. it's mine. Hands off.
Hand it over. It's Lucy's.
I loved your mother.
Maybe I can love you.
You killed her.
then put me in a trash can.
You murdered sex workers
and sewed their mouths shut.
You know the way
the mind of a serialist works.
Show me one painted fingernail.
I hope it brings you
relief that he's gone.
You like it.
How's it going with Daddy?
Where'd you get this? No.
Get out of my head!
I don't know.
Are we sure I'm not crazy?
We don't really use
that word anymore.
Is this about Ulster?
Are you still hearing him
in your head?
He's driving me nuts.
See? That's the look
I was trying to avoid.
Stop projecting.
This is my listening face.
Are you using the tools?
Exercise. podcast. work.
I do miss sitting still
and relaxing. though.
I think that you live
a rich and creative inner life.
and you do it to make
sense of a world that
just doesn't make any sense.
Or I'm crazy.
So. when Ulster shows up.
does it seem like
he's actually there?
No.
-Well. I can tell
the difference.
-See?
Not crazy.
We all hear voices in our head.
Sometimes they're annoying
or downright destructive.
but usually they're
just trying to help us
in their own misguided way.
- Whose side are you on?
- It's not Ulster.
He's you.
He's a part of you
that needs to be heard.
So. let's start with this.
The next time he shows up.
rebrand him.
Rebrand him?
Give him a new name.
a new look.
Take his fangs away.
It's your brain.
You call the shots.
He can't hurt you anymore.
Unless you let him.
What do we got?
Male. 24. found tied
to his own bed about 3:00 a.m.
Multiple stab wounds
to the chest.
Okay. so why call me?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Is this a sick joke?
It's got to be a copycat.
Someone who knew about Ulster.
When did he die?
Uh. early a.m.
Some defensive wounds.
but not many.
Probably asleep
when it started.
- Amanda know about this?
- I texted her.
She's at her support group.
She'll be here any minute.
Red nail polish is off.
This is more vermilion.
The stitches are sloppy.
They rushed it.
Probably an amateur
chasing headlines.
Appreciate the heads-up.
I'll help out however I can.
I'll let you take
the lead on it.
Got an ID on our John Doe.
Trent. you're gonna
want to hear this.
His name's Antonio Morales.
Eduardo. call Antonio.
Calling Antonio .
¡Saludos!
- You've reached
Antonio Morales .
Damn it.
Is there any way
the name is a coincidence?
Copycat Ulster kills a guy
with my uncle's name.
drops him in our laps.
That's some coincidence.
¡Saludos!
But why? What's the play?
Feels like we're dealing with
a lunatic who knows about me
and he's coming after
my family.
or there's a serial killer
specializing in men
named Antonio Morales.
Either way. I gotta go.
Go where?
Puerto Rico?
You could have given me some advance notice.
It's a three-hour flight.
I'll be home before dark.
I wanted to get here
as soon as I could.
-Well. that could have been a--
-Coincidence? Yeah. I know.
You believe that?
- No.
- Me neither.
Antonio's my family.
I only have two blood relatives
left on the planet.
and I need to know he's okay.
There are cops
on that island who could've
taken care of that for you.
or you could've brought Faith.
Look. I don't want to argue
about the past.
Okay.
let's talk about the leads.
Boot print at the scene.
Tread matches a vintage boot
with a narrow pool of buyers.
One of them also bought
a Ka-Bar with a blade that
matches the Morales wounds.
He sounds interesting.
Who's this guy?
Jebediah Oswald. ex-con.
Petty assault.
indecent exposure.
He's no mastermind.
but he's got a screw loose
and a nasty streak.
-I like him for this.
-We're tracking the address.
All right. This is it.
I got to go. Keep me posted.
Agent Trent?
Agent Elkie. FBI.
-Who sent you?
-You were flagged
at the airport.
Why is GBI poking around
on federal turf?
Not poking around.
Checking in on my uncle.
-You tried...
-Antonio!
-You tried calling him?
-Oh. No. uh.
hadn't thought of that.
Yes. I called him
dozens of times.
You sure he's not busy?
He's single.
he's on sabbatical.
and he always picks up.
Agent Trent. you break
that door. you break the law.
I'm GBI. Antonio!
GBI has no jurisdiction
in Puerto Rico.
He's my family. okay?
And I need to find him.
I need to know he's okay.
Antonio Morales.
You coming?
FBI!
-What the hell?
-Antonio. Antonio. it's me.
Will? Will. what the hell
are you doing here?
-Por favor. Sofia.
-¡Déjame!
Don't you call first?
You know. I called ten times.
I thought you were dead.
I was busy.
Well. obviously.
And you are?
Lana Elkie. FBI.
Antonio Morales.
As you can see.
I am very much alive.
and in demand.
Tell me. how did a lovely
creature like you end up in
an organization like that?
And with such soft hands too.
Okay. you can
let go of her hands now.
Look. I'm sorry that
I ruined your sexy time.
but...
...I. for one.
am happy you're alive.
Ah. forget it. She was married.
You probably did me a favor.
Look. Antonio.
I need you
to listen to me. okay?
Your life is in danger.
Will. you're here.
You're here.
That's tremendous.
Oh. man. you look thirsty.
and so do you.
Who's drinking?
Um...
Let me put on some pants.
Make yourselves at home.
-That's my uncle.
-Mmm.
Yeah.
Oh. jewel of the junkyard.
Jebediah Oswald. GBI. open up.
Geez. Really?
GBI! Stop!
Hey. he's running!
Oswald. stop!
Hey. stop!
Oh.
GBI. stop!
Hey!
What the f...
No.
I know
what you're thinking--
piña colada. touristy--
but we must reclaim
what is ours.
You know this drink originated
right here in San Juan
in the '50s?
Chacho. quit being
a bloodhound for a minute
and cut the garnish.
You know. the lock on your door
is busted. Someone could
just walk right in.
-It's been like that forever.
-I can post
a couple of guys outside.
No. no. no. One fed
in my kitchen is bad enough.
You put cops out there.
my friends will never
talk to me again.
Look. I need you
to take this seriously. okay?
A man named Antonio Morales
was found tied in his house.
-his mouth was sewn--
-Yeah. in Atlanta. In Atlanta.
You think this psycho's
booking a ticket down here
just to off me?
You know. I-I have my bat...
...and a hell of a swing
if the bastard
wants to come for me.
Now. the best part
of this drink is...
it comes with a fun umbrella.
which I collect.
Her name was Maria.
on a beach in Arecibo.
drinking a mai tai.
Her eyes were
the color of the ocean.
Salud.
Mmm.
Will. I can't believe it took
this mess to get you down here.
You remember our pact?
Visit each other once a year.
That was almost two years ago.
Well. we FaceTime.
Not the same thing. Two years.
I'm sorry. All right? Um...
-I've had a lot going on.
-What's more important
than family?
Hey. will you take
that jacket off? I feel like
I'm about to get audited.
Sofia llamando.
Oh.
Excuse me. I gotta take this.
Wow. he's quite
the romantic. Need help?
-I got it.
-I beg to differ.
Really? Okay.
Wow. Where'd you learn
to do that?
They teach you
all kinds of things in the FBI.
Mmm. Hmm.
Good. right?
You guys gotta go.
What? W-Why? What happened?
Sofia's coming back over.
I mean. it took some talking.
but she's. uh. ready to...
rekindle.
Okay.
Pa' fuera. Vámonos.
Let's go. Let's get a move on.
Oh. you know what?
Rio's serves the best cocktails
on the island.
You tell them Antonio sent you.
What happened to family being
the most important thing. huh?
Will. I need to
teach you something.
When you're my age and you have
a chance to get laid.
you take it. Okay?
- Let's go. Come on. Let's go.
-  Text from
Amanda Wagner.
Suspect in custody. Jeb Oswald.
Prints match the Morales scene.
Looks solid.
See? Everything worked out.
I'll see you at Rio's
in a couple of hours.
Okay. Bye.
Hope you're enjoying
your vacation. Eye roll emoji.
What is your connection
to Antonio Morales?
Who?
Oh. him.
Why'd you kill him?
Just following orders.
Whose orders?
Who gave you the orders. Jeb?
Does this have something
to do with James Ulster?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Okay. Listen up. asshole.
You're facing
first-degree murder.
aggravating factors.
Start talking or you're
looking at a dark room
all alone till you're dead.
Facts.
I wrote him a letter.
I sent it to the jail.
Fan mail.
Told him I liked his work.
Go on.
He ain't wrote back.
I figured. hell. big shot
like him. he probably gets
a whole pile of them.
But then two weeks ago.
he did write back.
James Ulster's been dead
for nearly two months.
That's what you think.
What did the letter say?
Jeb.
Just instructions.
Name. address.
what to do to him.
-You still have it?
-I burned it.
Convenient.
I got a letter.
That's how he talked to me.
- That's how he talked to all of us.
-  -"Us"?
Who is "us." Jeb?
Um... no.
No. thank you.
Come on. Trent.
Live a little.
Um...
Uh. I'm sorry. Uh...
Uh...
Everyone here is just
so friendly.
Well. I'm sure people
are friendly wherever you go.
Hold still.
- Oh.
- It's just a baby.
You're not scared of spiders.
are you?
No. no. No.
No.
Call from Amanda.
-Call from Amanda.
-Oh. Excuse me.
What do you got?
Oswald just gave us
something concerning.
He might not be acting alone.
What'd he say?
That someone calling themselves
Ulster sent him a letter.
and he's not the only one
who got one.
Do you believe him?
I don't know.
I have to go.
Antonio!
I'll check the back.
Bedroom's clear.
I called for backup.
Any sign of your uncle?
He's gone.
Have-Have you ever seen him?
Um...
This man...
No.
Will. Your Spanish.
Someone's
been practicing.
What did you do?
What did you do. huh?
Hey. hey. Easy.
That's right.
You work for me now.
You're not Ulster. you're a...
-You're an elf.
-What do you mean. an elf?
You mean like a cool elf
with a bow and an arrow?
No. you make cookies.
You live in a tree.
I think you've finally lost
that marble.
No. You're gonna help me
find my uncle.
Agent Trent?
Sorry to send you away.
The local guys get testy
if it's an agent
they don't know.
I-It's not my jurisdiction.
Understood.
I have good news. though.
The warrant to track
Antonio's phone came through.
I found him. He's on the move.
but he's not far.
What's all that green?
So...
...20 years with one person.
then a four-month
ideal relationship
that you blew up on purpose.
and now a situationship?
You're missing
a little nuance. but yes.
those are the bullet points.
How's the situationship going?
It's great. You know.
we're kind of dating.
There's nothing official.
There are feelings.
but no commitment.
And that's supposed to
make things less complicated?
You know.
having no labels is wonderful.
It's. uh. it's very liberating.
Oh. Um...
-That looks friendly.
-Don't worry.
it's not spider season.
Right.
Don't you wanna get married.
have kids and all that?
Yes. I mean. you know.
when I meet the right person.
How about you? You want kids?
Very much so. Yeah.
Oh. no.
-What's wrong?
-I lost the signal.
Let me try over here.
Anything?
No. Shoot.
Let's just keep walking.
I got you.
-Leave the pack.
-No. the phone's in it.
-We'll have
no way of tracking him.
-Elkie. you're slipping.
-Grab my arm with both hands.
-But I...
Do it.
Elkie.
Do it. Elkie.
Okay.
You okay?
I'm okay.
The phone.
I'm so sorry. Agent Trent.
Please. call me Will.
Will.
The good news is
I still have my phone.
If we can get to an area
with reception. I can download
the tracking software.
There's a signal tower
a few miles out.
Well. let's get moving.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
Tell me you hear that too.
GBI. Anyone in there?
What the hell?
Mom.
Will.
What is it?
It's a tape recorder.
And a dummy.
Antonio's phone.
He was here.
Now we can't track him.
Do it again.
This time with feeling.
What did you just do?
Who else knows about
the necklace?
No.
This is a bridge too far.
-I will not--
-The necklace!
Please.
I may be flawed.
But leave me my dignity.
Fine.
Start talking.
Well. Lucy wasn't wearing it
when she died.
Amanda found it
after she was abducted.
Then she gave it to you. right?
Which makes our suspect list
real short. You. me...
Oh. wait a minute.
What's Amanda's alibi
the night in question?
What about
your little fan club. huh?
The freaks you wrote to
from prison?
Oh. you don't think
I'd tell those losers
stuff about my life.
Jeb Oswald.
That man shows his willy
to little girls. I'd like to
think I have some standards.
You're right.
He's not your type at all.
Exactly.
So. if I had nothing to do
with sending those letters...
Then there's someone else
who knows
about Antonio.
my mother. everything.
This feels good. doesn't it?
Tête-à-tête. After this.
let's go into Old San Juan.
I know a place
we can throw back some rum.
get in some real trouble.
That's what partners do.
So how does whoever is
sending these letters
know details about my life?
I never told anyone
about you. and I sure as hell
never mentioned Lucy.
but you know me.
There's nothing
I like more than savoring
the details of my own life.
Eduardo. send a message
to Amanda Wagner.
What if Ulster kept a journal?
-Pfft.
-I know you tossed
his prison cell.
but I think he's been
writing things down somewhere.
Get a warrant if you have to.
Message sent.
I found this.
It was under the bed.
I heard you scream.
My mother died like this.
In childbirth?
Jesus. Will.
It's a setup.
Someone took Antonio
to mess with me.
to get me out here.
-I should have never
come to San Juan.
-This isn't your fault.
None of it.
Not Antonio. Not Lucy.
Will.
Your hand.
There's something here.
It's a message from Antonio.
Look.
Why would he draw
a picture of a...
La Serpiente de Hierro.
The Iron Snake.
It's an abandoned military base
way out in the jungle.
- Will was right.
Ulster had a journal.
- Where is it?
He gave it to his lawyer
to send to his next of kin
when he died.
Next of kin. Who?
Hello.
Ms. Trevens?
Yes.
This is Special Agent
Faith Mitchell with the Georgia
Bureau of Investigation.
I'd like to speak to
your daughter. Adelaide.
Is she available?
She's not here.
What's she done?
Did you work as
James Ulster's secretary
from 1986 to 1989?
I-I don't
remember the exact dates.
What's this about?
Ms. Trevens. we spoke
to James Ulster's lawyer
who confirmed that his effects.
including a journal
that he kept in prison.
- was sent to his next of kin...
- ...your daughter.
Wha...
Ms. Trevens.
Amanda Wagner. GBI.
Adelaide is James Ulster's
daughter. correct?
James and I...
It was just a onetime thing.
He wanted
nothing to do with her.
She wrote him letters.
hundreds of letters.
Never once
did he write her back.
He would never have
sent her anything.
Even so. we'd still
like to speak to her.
Do you know where she is?
She's visiting
her new girlfriend.
Some woman she met online.
- Do you know that woman's name?
-  -I don't know.
I just know where she lives.
Where is that?
San Juan. Puerto Rico.
This is it.
If Antonio's in there.
they must have found
another way inside.
Looks like
an old sewer access.
After you?
What was that?
Not spider season. huh?
Are they poisonous?
Very.
Unbelievable. Battery died.
-You have extras?
-Other pack.
-Perfect.
-Here. give me the bag.
What's that?
Go. Go. go. go. go. go.
Thank God for these sleeves.
You didn't get bitten. did you?
I don't-I don't know.
Okay. okay. Uh...
Oh. One bite is okay.
We just need to get you
to the hospital.
We don't have time for that.
Will. stop.
What the--
Oh. my God.
What? What is it?
This is it. Adelaide's
rental apartment.
Adelaide Trevens! GBI!
- Bedroom's clear.
- Hey. Faith.
Check this out.
It's Ulster's Journal.
It has everything
about Will. Lucy.
It's all here.
- How bad is it?
- Bad.
-Will it kill me?
-Yes. if you don't get
antivenom.
How long?
Ten hours. tops.
Okay.
Will. the more you move.
the faster the poison
will spread to your heart.
Antonio.
Antonio!
Ormewood.
Antonio.
Jesus.
Whoo. whoo.
Lana Elkie. FBI.
I wasn't gonna
let him kill you.
I wanna do that myself.
Slide me your weapon.
Cute.
All these hours together
and I still have no idea
what my father saw in you.
He never mentioned you.
If I was a boy.
maybe he would have.
I'm so much more like him
than you'll ever be.
-Won't get any arguments
from me there.
-Stay where you are.
-Where's my uncle?
-Guess you'll never know.
Where is he?
My dad spent
his last precious time
on Earth behind bars.
-Now. you'll do the same.
-Oh. is that
what this is about?
Huh? Revenge?
What's wrong?
You looking for these?
I knew when you said her name.
Lucy.
I never told you her name.
And yet you let me bring you
all the way out here.
What can I say?
I liked your company.
Is he one of your pen pals?
How many are there?
Too many to count.
Oh. but do they know it was you
they were talking to.
and not your daddy?
They would be so disappointed.
Goodbye. Will Trent.
Let me out. you son of a bitch!
Let me out!
I'm gonna kill you!
No!
Antonio!
Damn you!
I'm gonna kill you!
Oh. Okay.
Jesus.
Be careful with that thing.
-Oh. sorry.
-Okay.
I hope this is right.
Well. she had the map
at her place.
unless she's into
tropical topography.
Yeah. it should be
right around here.
but I don't see anything.
Come on. Will. help us out.
Will!
Lay your head
on my lap. Papito.
The ground is so hard.
Mmm.
Doesn't look good. does it?
Shh.
It'll all work out.
Will we be together
on the other side?
We're already together. Papi.
We always have been.
I wanted more than this.
I wanted a family.
Then scream. Will.
Scream.
Will?
Faith.
Will. Will.
-Call a medevac.
-Yeah.
Get me a priority medevac.
I'm sending the coordinates
right now.
What happened?
Spiders.
Poison.
She's in the cell.
Ulster's daughter.
She knows where my uncle is.
Go. go. It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
- Stay with me.
- Adelaide?
Adelaide?
Hey. hey.
Will. Will. stay with me.
Help is on the way. okay?
-What'd she say?
-She wasn't there.
I searched
the whole place. Will.
I'm sorry. bud. She's gone.
Stay with me.
Hey. hey. Will? Will?
Will. stay with me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org